NARRATOR:
Previously on Smallville:
CLARK: Isn't it time to move beyond
these mental trials?
JOR—EL: When you decided to return to
your training, I assumed you were ready.
-Tell me what you need.
JOR—EL: The test of a true hero...
...is to struggle with feelings of loss,
not to avoid them.
CLARK: I've come this far,
and I'm not looking back. I can do this.
Pull an address
off of Queen lndustries' database.
It's an engineer I ﬁred.
His name's Winslow Schott.
CHLOE: What happened?
OLIVER: He snapped.
He started bringing toys to work.
Then he started hiding explosives...
...inside the toys.
BOARD MEMBER: Oliver Queen,
what are you doing in enemy camp?
OLIVER: I've purchased controlling interest
in LuthorCorp.
Everybody down!
-How does it feel to not be in control?
-Untie me right now.
After this little fella
clangs his cymbals together 53 times...
...it'll be the last sound you ever hear.
CHLOE: Pieces of a toy bomb
were found in the wreckage.
OLIVER:
Lex deserved to die.
-This is murder.
-This is justice.
Oliver crossed the line.
He killed Lex Luthor.
You're making a big mistake.
-What the hell were you so afraid of?
-You.
-Maybe we should start over.
-lt's too late for that now.
CLARK:
You need help.
OLIVER: Not everybody believes in
the second coming.
Is there any part of the person
I used to know still there?
OLIVER:
You were right.
I've been running away from myself
for a long time now.
But now I know who I really am.
[POLICE SIRENS WAILING]
COP:
People, let's set up a perimeter.
Get me a sightline. We don't know
how many hostages are inside.
Get me a barricade. Last thing we need
is anyone getting in our way.
Let's go. Let's move it.
Don't bother pulling the trigger.
[BEEPING]
[SCREAMS]
[SILENCE]
[OVERLAPPING VOICES]
[ALL SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
Clark. Did I miss him?
-If by "him" you mean me, barely.
-Not you, the Blur.
Oh, he was long gone
by the time I got here.
I was just trying to call you.
-From a payphone?
-Apparently.
How'd you get here so fast, anyway?
My guy at Met P.D. didn't leak this
until a few minutes ago.
We all can't be as fashionably late
as Lois Lane.
[LOIS CHUCKLES]
LOIS:
Oh. Hello, sailor.
-What'd you just say?
-Nothing.
You should get your hearing checked.
LOIS:
Hot stuff.
LOIS: God, I am dragging ass today.
I should go for coffee.
No, no.
What I actually need is a B12 shot.
[have to keep up with Clark.
Remember what the general says:
"On certain days...
you wear certain underwear. "
And why you decided to go with a tho-
[CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
Hey, Smallville.
You're in a good mood today.
Would be in an even better one...
...if our black-clad hero in hiding
would've stuck around for a quote.
We'd at least know
what the hell happened back there.
What happened
is the Blur saved those hostages.
-End of story.
-There's always more to the story.
The bomber isn't the one who ﬂipped
the switch. It was on a timer.
Why would the bomb be on a timer?
I don't know. I'm not a mind reader.
Why would you take hostages
and not make any demands?
LOIS: No voicemails. No e-mails.
Just be a big girl and get over the fact...
...that the Blur downgraded you
from conﬁdante to sidekick to nobody.
Lois.
Computer‘s frozen again.
LOIS:
Doesn't help that intern Jeff...
...took the last stupid maple doughnut
from the stupid doughnut box.
Here you go.
My eyes are bigger
than my stomach this morning.
No. Okay, I love you.
Bump in blood sugar might help you
from punching someone.
True. Give me that.
Uh....
Whoever did what he did, he couldn't
have picked a less interesting place.
Run-of-the-mill textile factory?
Factory which is a subsidiary
of Queen Industries.
You think it'd be enough
to get Oliver's attention.
LOIS: That only matters
if Ollie 's sober enough to give a crap.
-You might be right.
-What'd you say?
-What?
Thanks for meeting me.
-I know you've been busy.
-What am I thinking right now?
No clue. So far, it's only been Lois.
Okay.
Well, I know that my Wall of Weird
is so three upgrades ago...
...but I've spent enough time
digitizing the strange...
...and unexplained in my life
to know that you don'tjust catch ESP.
So how do we know that this isn't just
your super-hearing on the fritz?
As loud as Lois is, even she can't speak
with her mouth closed.
Good point.
Okay, I'll see what I can dig up,
but seriously, Clark...
...unless your warranty's expired,
just check in with dear old Dad.
You okay?
Yeah, I'd just like to bypass
Lois' inside voice from here on out.
I'm ﬁne.
I'll keep you posted.
MAN: Can't miss this meeting,
or I'm gonna get ﬁred.
WOMAN:
This isn't the life I wanted.
MAN:
You should've told me that before.
[OVERLAPPING VOICES
SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
Jor-El.
Reading people's thoughts.
You said my trials had begun.
Is this one of them?
JOR-EL: lplanted within you
the seeds for this trial...
...designed to self-manifest
when most needed.
An event must've happened
to trigger it...
...some kind of error
or mistake in judgment.
I don't understand.
I saved everyone in that factory.
JOR-EL:
Assumptions are ﬂaws...
...inherent in the human instincts
you have adopted...
...but they are beneath you.
What you have yet to nurture
is your Kryptonian intuition.
-You shouldn't underestimate humans.
JOR-EL: Neither should you.
Being able to discern
why humans truly behave as they do...
...will help you to better protect them.
This ability is only temporary.
You must learn to focus, Kai-El.
Perception can be the difference
between life and death.
LOIS:
I know loose lips sink ships...
...but tight ones don't do
a hell of a lot of good either.
Listen, Chatty Cathy,
we just need one answer.
You were actually a hostage, right?
This one's getting us nowhere.
WOMAN [IN FOREIGN ACCENT]:
Do not let them ﬁnd out.
They can't send me back.
My baby needs me.
It's okay, you can talk to us.
We're not INS.
I am sorry. I saw a man.
So let me get this straight.
The guy who took you hostage...
...was short and fat, but also tall?
Yeah, way taller
than your boyfriend there.
Um, thin.
Thin like a rail.
MAN: This is so exciting.
I wonder who will talk to me next.
The FBI? Maybe Interpol.
It's clear that this is the most
excitement you've had probably ever.
You can mislead us, but interfering
with a police investigation...
...to keep yourself in the limelight
will only land you in jail.
Is that understood?
Huh.
Sorry.
I didn't see anything.
NURSE: I don't care how cute he is.
I better not get ﬁred for this.
I haven't seen you eat a thing all day.
Owed you from earlier.
Low blood sugar and all.
Oh, look at this.
Thanks for taking care of me.
Wait.
Now we're even.
What else did you ﬁnd out?
Mr. Murphy, our mystery man's puppet,
just got out of surgery.
-He's still unconscious.
-l've hit enough dead ends for today.
Really no reason
for us to keep hanging out here, huh?
You're absolutely right.
Why don't we just call it a night?
That's good. I have plans.
LOIS:
Little Lifetime and some Chunky Monkey.
Or Rocky Road. Maybe both.
Lois.
I was hoping we could
grab something to eat tonight...
...once we ﬁnished up.
You know, you said yourself
I hadn't eaten all day.
LOIS:
ls Clark Kent asking me out on a date?
Like a "date" date?
-l'm not saying we should go on a date.
LOIS: Oh.
Just something like a date.
As sweet as that notion is, Smallville,
this is Metropolis on a Saturday night.
We ain't getting in anywhere
without a reservation.
LOIS:
Except maybe the truck rally downtown...
...but there's no way he'd-
We could probably get tickets
to the monster-truck rally.
It doesn't start for a few more hours.
LOIS:
Shut up.
I'll meet you there.
Standard protocol.
Two cars at the beginning of the night,
no drama at the end of it.
[CHUCKLES]
[SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
You going our way?
Barkeep, I'm gonna need,
um, something cold...
...tall, wet, sexy. Put, uh....
-Put one of these in it, will you, please?
-Tres.
Looks like I got dollar bills.
I got pesos. I got, uh....
Is that a euro? I don't--
I got this purple thing. These are fun. Um....
[WOMEN LAUGH]
Why don't we--?
Just take the whole thing...
...and have a little vacation on me.
How does that sound? Okay?
[DOOR BANGS OPENS]
[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH]
What are you doing with my wife?
[IN SPANISH]
Hmm?
[GRUNTS]
[WOMEN SCREAMS]
Really?
You know, Mercy, if you wanted more
face time, all you had to do was ask.
This is me asking.
Whoa, Lois.
-Why so fancy?
-Monster trucks.
-Monster trucks?
-Mm-hm.
Lois, I've seen you do
monster trucks before.
This is deﬁnitely more than that.
I would say that this is strictly
rhinestones-on-mud-ﬁaps territory.
Who's the prince charming?
I never thought
I'd say this out loud, but...
...Clark Kent.
I know. It's the weirdest thing.
Of the ﬁve things to do in Kansas...
...Clark picked the one thing
I've wanted to do for weeks.
We've been on the same wavelength
like all day today.
I'll bet.
Sort of like he's been reading your mind?
Like he's hearing things
that you've never actually said out loud?
Exactly.
Huh. That is the weirdest thing.
Me and Clark. I don't know.
I mean, we certainly kick
all kinds of ass at work...
...but lately, it feels like we're more
than just partners, you know?
I think I've gotten so used
to carrying the load all by myself.
What if I don't have to anymore,
you know?
Clark and Lois vs. the world.
Oh, wow.
Kind of lost myself
in there somewhere, huh?
Don't wait up.
MAN: He forced me to do it.
It wasn't me. I'm innocent.
He strapped the bomb on me.
I just work there.
He said toys weren't good enough.
He wants to play a game.
He said Queen will pay
for what he's done to him.
Toyman.
[TOYMAN GIGGLING]
TOYMAN:
Let the games begin.
[TOYMAN GIGGLING MANIACALLY]
[BEER BOTTLE OPENS]
What the hell were you thinking, Oliver?
-They could've killed you.
-Yeah.
[GRUNTS]
Didn't really give them a chance, did you?
And now we'll never know.
Were you even aware
that one of your factories blew up?
Do you give a damn
about anything anymore?
Tell me you didn't waste all that jet fuel
to come here and deliver me a lecture.
Your company's failing.
Your stock is worth less
than you think of yourself right now.
There's only so much more loss the
shareholders will be willing to accept.
I'm tired of making excuses.
Well, then why don't you stop
making excuses?
Tell them the truth about me.
Then you can become sole CEO.
It'll be great for you.
It's what you always wanted, right?
I've seen you go off the rails before,
but this...
...this vanishing act, huh...
...these binges...
...you're punishing yourself.
Why?
Oliver, what did you do?
No matter what this is about,
I understand.
You know that.
Just talk to me.
You know, it sounds like you're the one
who needs to do the talking.
So I guess the real question is,
what is it that you want from me?
I need your pretty face
addressing our shareholders.
Consider this one of the many favors
you owe me.
[CHUCKLES]
Is that all you want?
I've learned not to expect too much
from you, Oliver.
Cheer up.
You can fall down drunk in a gutter
as soon as it's done.
Wheels up in 20.
CHLOE: It's a good thing he can't hear
what I'm thinking, or else-
Or else what, Chloe?
I would tell you
that I don't want you breaking...
...my cousin's heart.
How was I supposed to react...
...when I ﬁnd out that you've been
riﬁing through Lois' brain...
...like you lost your keys in there?
You can't trick someone into dating you.
I didn't trick her, and it's not a date.
You didn't see her when she left.
Believe me, it was a date.
And to add insult to injury,
now you're standing her up?
No, I asked her out, not on a date...
...before I knew our bomber
was an innocent man.
-Toyman's back.
-Winslow Schott is responsible...
...for the explosion at Oliver's building.
That's why I didn't call Lois back.
The last thing I need is her showing up
here and following me into harm's way.
Winslow's trying to smoke Oliver
out of hiding. He's insane.
Yeah, he was crazy enough before Oliver
framed him for Lex's murder.
If he's trying to track Oliver down,
he won't have a hard time doing it tonight.
Oliver's addressing his shareholders
at your requisite red-carpet, black-tie gala.
Head back to Watchtower.
If Winslow strikes again,
we need to move fast.
Mr. Pierson.
Kirkpatrick.
BOUNCER: Let's see. "Kendall. Kennair."
Ah, there it is. "Kirkpatrick. "
Have a good evening, Mr. Kirkpatrick.
-Name?
-Kennair.
You have a plus-one tonight,
Mr. Kennair.
[TIRES SQUEAL]
[MONSTER TRUCK DOOR SHUTS
THEN LOIS GRUNTS]
-Lois.
-I can handle this, Smallville.
-You've already done enough tonight.
-What are you doing here?
LOIS: Standing in the shadow
of 6-and-a-half feet of handsome.
No, Lois, he doesn't get off that easy.
Kick his ass.
Do you think not having a cocktail dress,
and being three steps behind you...
...on your mystery-man story
was gonna stand in my way, did you?
Or that you hid the fact that
Oliver returned for the sake of an article?
Clark, you can't get rid of me that easily.
I have the Internet on my phone.
-I can explain.
-Oh.
I know how the boys' club works.
You wanted to scoop me on a story.
Prose before ho's.
-Now, wait a second.
BOUNCER: Good evening.
LOIS: How could you be so stupid?
This was never about more than a story.
Maybe it never will be.
For your sake,
there better be an open bar...
...because I think that Bone Dog
has my purse in his truck.
[CHUCKLES]
You know, Lois, I don't need your help
on this one. I can do it on my own.
Maybe you'd like to think that you can,
but we all know there's no way.
This is my headline.
LOIS: Oh, God. Why would you
let yourself get attached, Lois?
You know better than that.
They always leave.
You know what? Maybe you're right.
I'm gonna get some air.
Some really private air.
I'm out of here. Good luck ﬂying solo.
Lois.
MAN 1:
Maybe I should buy her a drink.
WOMAN 1:
I can 't afford to lose any more money.
MAN 2:
Look at this party, huh?
WOMAN 2:
Mercer never should've. . ..
WOMAN 3:
Oh, I hope this comes out in the wash.
MAN 3:
Everyone said it was a gamble.
WOMAN 4:
This was supposed to put....
MAN 4:
She doesn't know this suit is a rental.
MAN 5:
What the hell does she really want?
MAN 6:
I can 't lose any more money.
MAN 7:
If! leave, they'll follow me.
WOMAN 5:
So the devil came in a blue dress tonight.
Ladies and gentlemen...
...your fearless leader, Oliver Queen.
WOMAN 6: Look who decided
to grace us with his presence.
Thank you. Ahem.
Thank you, everyone.
I know this has been a trying year
for all of you.
And hopefully I can remain upright
long enough to say what...
...needs to be said.
Obviously, whoever wrote this speech
has a pretty good sense of humor.
[INVESTORS LAUGH]
Excuse me. It's my....
Sorry. Technical difﬁculties here.
One moment.
[LOUD RINGING]
Thanks, Dad.
TOYMAN [OVER RADIO]:
Oh, yes, Mr. Queen...
...it's your old playmate Winslow Schott.
I'm sure you remember.
You framed me for murder, after all.
And now that I've ﬁnally won
your little game of hide-and-seek...
...I thought we might play something
that I'm a little more comfortable with.
Toyman says...
...read everything I've written,
or you will die.
Toyman says...
...don't try to run. Don 't take a step.
If you move one muscle,
I will kill everybody in this room.
[OVER RADIO]
Toyman says...
...you're standing on a pressure plate.
...you're standing on a bomb.
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
I've never truly worked
a day in my life.
Too busy gagging on
the silver spoon...
...wedged down my throat.
And even when given
a second chance at life, I was, uh....
I was unable
to see past my selﬁsh nature.
TOYMAN [OVER RADIO]:
Oh, don't stop there.
We haven't even gotten
to the good part yet.
Time and again...
...l've put my own needs over the needs
of my devoted employees.
The only thing I've ever
been selﬂess enough to part with...
...is the blame...
...for a heinous act.
No. Chloe, the trials aren't over.
I just got my training wheels taken away.
Jor-El wants me to use
what I've learned.
[OVER PHONE]
Can you hack the feeds of the building?
-He's gotta be here somewhere.
-l'm on it.
My name is Oliver Queen,
and I am a coward.
I'm a thief, and....
And I am....
TOYMAN:
Too ashamed to admit...
...that you were really responsible
for killing Lex Luthor.
You didn't think twice
about blaming me for it.
We have to get these people out of here
now. Oliver's standing on a landmine.
Just give me one second.
OLIVER:
And |....
Confess.
[FIRE ALARM BLARING]
MAN [OVER PA]:
The emergency alarm has been activated.
Please move in an orderly fashion
to the nearest exit. Thank you.
I'm not gonna ask. Nice one, Chloe.
MAN [OVER PA]:
The emergency alarm has been activated.
Please move in an orderly fashion
to the nearest exit. Thank you.
Winslow, how do I disarm the bomb?
I don't know who you are,
but you're interrupting my game.
I can't go changing the rules
for someone who isn't playing.
-This isn't a game. It's a man's life.
-No. It is a game.
And Toyman makes the rules now.
What you're doing is pointless.
Oliver would never let those people die.
MAN [OVER PA]: Please move
in an orderly fashion to the nearest exit.
But you already know that, don't you?
You don't allow for human error.
You have to control who wins.
That's why you put a timer
on the factory bomb.
The pressure plate that Oliver's standing
on is fake, isn't it? It's on a timer.
You follow my work.
It's always nice to have a fan.
How long does Oliver have?
Not long enough.
You know what,
I might be your biggest fan.
I know that the real Winslow Schott...
...would wanna live
and dance on Oliver‘s grave.
TOYMAN:
Five, four, three, two, two, two...
...two, two, two....
No one wins a game if you both lose.
[GRUNTS]
How'd you know
the pressure plate wasn't real?
I didn't.
Oliver.
I waited till the last person got out, Clark.
I knew the explosion wouldn't kill you.
Winslow-- Yes, the real Winslow.
--has been arrested.
Chloe was able to follow the feed
from the earpiece.
He's on the way to Stryker’s
as we speak.
Speak your mind, Clark.
I haven't been paying enough attention
to everything.
There's been danger all around me
that I haven't seen.
Warning signs that I haven't noticed.
And people in need
that I've neglected.
I didn't realize how bad things are.
I haven't been here for you. I'm sorry.
Well, with all due respect, Clark,
I'm not sure I'm worth your concern.
You know, when l was reading
that speech in there...
...when I decided to, uh....
That speech wasn't just a laundry list
of all my sins. It was....
It was a fact sheet.
Ever tell you how old I was
when my parents died?
Five.
I never really knew them very well.
Everything about my life
is not really mine.
It's theirs.
I didn't earn it.
And it's all a lie.
You of all people know
what it's like to wear a mask, right?
That's all this is.
The Queen name.
Green Arrow.
Masks.
And I just realized
there's nothing underneath them.
There is something behind those masks.
You're just afraid to face it.
You're not running away
from who you are.
You're running away
from who you think you're becoming.
But you don't have to face it alone.
Just because you've given up
on Oliver Queen doesn't mean I have.
Thank you.
[SIRENS WAILING]
Sounds like they're playing your song.
Go on, get the hell out of here.
Go be a hero. Go.
[OLIVER YELLS]
I want my lawyer!
Hello? Hello?
I know you can hear me out there!
Loud and clear, Mr. Schott.
Oh, I know you.
You're Oliver Queen's business partner.
Sorry about
trying to kill your boyfriend.
You're not here for revenge, are you?
[CHUCKLES]
Something like that.
Leave Oliver the hell alone.
[SCREAMS]
-Pretty please?
-Help! Someone!
[GRUNTS]
Help!
The guard will be back here any minute.
You're crazy.
That guard is going
on administrative leave...
...and he and l have a little agreement.
See, you tried to escape.
And he was only defending himself
when he shot you in the knee.
No. No, please.
They'll put me in solitary.
No. No.
Which is exactly where
you'll need to be...
...to spend some quality time
with your new toy.
What new toy?
It's....
It's beautiful.
Yes, it is.
It's a meteor-rock-powered heart,
and you're gonna tell me how it works.
You missed all the excitement last night.
If I remember correctly,
it wasn't my excitement to have missed.
Was it?
I was expecting
to read about the exploits...
...of Metropolis' journalistic savior
this morning.
Well, that's the thing. I think I may have
bitten off more than I can chew.
Really?
What's this?
It's, uh....
It's me asking for help.
I didn't exactly ﬁnish my story last night,
and I missed the deadline.
Okay.
I guess I'm not ready to ﬂy solo just yet.
The sky is a big place.
Uh-huh.
Wow.
There.
Looks like you've got
one too many names on there.
I just thought you'd wanna have
some creative input.
Lois, I am sorry for letting you down.
Is this an olive branch?
Because there better be a whole tree
somewhere in here.
And maybe a new pair ofjeans too.
You know, it's not every day
Lois Lane allows herself to be stood up.
Well, then it's a good thing
it was only like a date.
Huh.
I don't know how someone...
...would get a second date
after messing things up like that.
Well, if people were to try that again...
...they might wanna do it
on a slower news day.
Hypothetically speaking.
Well, those don't come along
very often.
No.
I'm sure people would make sure
they got it right the next time.
Hypothetically speaking, of course.
My thoughts exactly.
[ENGLISH - US - SDH]